Glossary: add 'implementation' (#1593)
graphql/graphql-wg: rfcs/glossary/Appendix C -- Glossary.md

### (GraphQL) service

**Definition**: anything capable of executing a GraphQL request and returning
a GraphQL response conforming to the specification.

> How the conformance is enforced is irrelevant. An HTTP cache can be a conforming
> service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How the conformance is implemented is irrelevant. A cache in front of another
GraphQL service can itself be seen as a conforming service, assuming it does not
break any conformance requirements (e.g. on cache failure).
```

Author: More details is always good, thanks!

Examples: GitHub GraphQL API, Shopify GraphQL API, etc... 

Note: The specification has no concept of client and server. While most 
services are implemented as servers, this is not a requirement and execution
can happen anywhere as long as it conforms to the specification.

### (GraphQL) implementation

> **Definition**: a software that implements the algorithms and behaviour described
> in the specification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Definition**: software that implements the algorithms and behaviours described
in the GraphQL specification. 
```

### (GraphQL) service

**Definition**: anything capable of executing a GraphQL request and returning

> a GraphQL response conforming to the specification.

Author: Perfect 👌
